hey there guys welcome to boot camp and
today is September third 2010 and today
I'll be talking about two of the new
android tablets that are planning to be
released the first one is a samsung
galaxy tab which i showed about well
back you can see the video if you check
out my channel and for the samsung
galaxy tab it has now been announced and
the price for the galaxy tab will be
approximately seven hundred and ninety
five euros which would then be own
conversion rate which then the 972
dollars in total which includes the
deposit and the contracts and while
samsung galaxy tab is 7 inches and has
1.3 megapixels camera this is a strictly
3g version which means no Wi-Fi so then
that means you have to get a contract or
the carrier and next we'll be talking
about the toshiba folio 100 this android
tablet costs 500 looking for 500 11 for
the Wi-Fi version in 639 for the 3g
version what else next story
the next story is Facebook will let you
manage where are you log in from and
your privacy settings so for let's say
you logged in somewhere you forgot to
log out all you need to do is just get
to the nearest computer or your phone
you go to Facebook go to your account
settings and go to the security part the
cap settings and on the drop down menu
you would see where you logged in from
and your recent activity so if you if
you see a log that's not supposed to be
there then you can say to end activity
which then you can click and your
facebook account will be logged out of
your computer you can tell where are you
logged in from because then it will tell
you the location based on your IP
address securing the IP address of the
user and securing the IP address to
yourself next is
and the last and final store would be
the new apple ipod touch 4g which will
feature the front-facing and back facing
camera which you can use for facetime
and you will have the new a4 chip that
we at a use for new iphone 4 g's and you
would have a slimmer ipod but basically
these are all the features that you
would find on a iphone 4g so basically
it's even better but it's the tonight
pod you can't call but if you have an
app such as frame then you would be able
to you can pre-order your iPods now and
you will get them a week later the ipod
touch will be two hundred and twenty
nine dollars for HEV three hundred
dollars for 32gb and four hundred
dollars for the 64gb versions and this
is boot channel and I'll see you later